Release v0.49.0 (#3541)
grafana/k6: release notes/v0.49.0.md

k6 `v0.49.0` is here 🎉! This release includes:

> - (_optional_) `<highlight of breaking changes>`
> - `<Summary of new features>` (_one or multiple bullets_)

Author: ```suggestion
- clear to the locator classes for the browser module
- gRPC experimental module being merged back
- being able to get the selection from an element in k6/html
- collect internal module and outputs used by a script
- getting `k6/experimental/timers` ready to be stabalized
- a bunch of internal changes, most which are fixing lint errors, but also making MacOS test work :tada: 
```

The browser module now generates traces that provide a representation of its inner workings, such as API methods executed (for example `browser.newPage` and `page.goto`), page navigations, and [Web Vitals](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/using-k6-browser/metrics/#googles-core-web-vitals) measurements.

Currently, the instrumented methods are a subset of all the methods exposed by the browser module API, but this will be extended in the future.

The traces generation for the browser module depends on the overall `k6` traces option introduced in [v0.48.0](https://github.com/grafana/k6/releases/tag/v0.48.0). Check out the [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/using-k6/k6-options/reference/#traces-output) to learn more about it.

### Experimental gRPC module being merged back in core [#3490](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3490)

// TODO fill with info

### k6/html: Extract selection from element [#3519](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3519)

// TODO fill with info

### Collect usage data on imported internal modules and outputs [#3525](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3525)

> // TODO fill with info

Reviewer: Set as a reminder to me

Reviewer: https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3546

- Dependency updates across k6 [#3500](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3500), [#3501](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3501), [#3502](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3502), [#3503](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3503), [#3509](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3509), [#3513](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3513), [#3537](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3537), [#3539](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3539), [#3540](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3540).
- [#3489](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3489) Assign pull-requests via CODEOWNERS instead of with a specific github action.
- [#3496](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3496) Check for security issues with a scheduled trivy scans.
- [#3517](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3517) Add some units tests to the cloadapi package. This is the first contribution by external contributor @nilskch. Thanks for this @nilskch :bow:.
- [#3520](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3520) Stop using deprecated by golang net.Dialer.DualStack option.
- [#3526](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3526) Some refactors to js package test around `open` and `require` and their handling of paths.

> - [#3527](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3527) Generate test certificates for more tests during the test. This among other things fixes the tests on  MacOS.

Author: ```suggestion
- [#3527](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3527) Generate test certificates for more tests during the test. This among other things fixes the tests on  MacOS.
- [#3528](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3528) Given the above change we also enabled test on MacOS in the github actions.
```

- [browser#1134](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1134) adds a new error type when parsing objects.
- [browser#1107](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1107), [browser#1109](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1109) refactor internals.

## _Optional_ Roadmap

_Discussion of future plans_

> 

Author: I do intend on putting here that xk6-timers is going to go stable next release.
I don't think I will mention ESM as we have nothing new.
Anything else?

Reviewer: All the big things we have in the queue have still high risks so I don't think we have more to mention with good confidence for now.

Author: Maybe let's add https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3092 ?

Reviewer: @mstoykov I don't think it is so relevant for the users to be aware of it. Why would you mention it?

Reviewer 2: From my side, nothing to add here. Do you want to add anything @inancgumus?

Reviewer 3: Looks alright to me 👍 Thanks!

Reviewer: @mstoykov can we drop the section or are you going to add something?

Author: See https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3541/files#r1466644809

k6 `v0.49.0` is here 🎉! This release includes:

> - clear to the locator classes for the browser module

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- clear the locator classes for the browser module
```

Author: I think that you suggestion makes it seem like the locator class was cleared of something.

While in reality it is adding a `clear` method to it - that is explained below.

On the other hand the current strucutre is also not great :( 

```suggestion
- add `clear` functionality to the `locator` classes within the browser module
```

?

Reviewer 4: Indeed!

Your suggestion is a great improvement indeed 👍🏻

- gRPC experimental module being merged back

> - being able to get the selection from an element in k6/html

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- being able to get the selection from an element in `k6/html`
```

> - collect internal module and outputs used by a script

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- collect internal modules and outputs used by a script
```

?

> - getting `k6/experimental/timers` ready to be stabalized

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- getting `k6/experimental/timers` ready to be stabilized
```

> - a bunch of internal changes, most which are fixing lint errors, but also making MacOS test work :tada: 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- a bunch of internal changes, most of which are fixing lint errors, but also making MacOS test work :tada: 
```

Currently, the instrumented methods are a subset of all the methods exposed by the browser module API, but this will be extended in the future.

The traces generation for the browser module depends on the overall `k6` traces option introduced in [v0.48.0](https://github.com/grafana/k6/releases/tag/v0.48.0). Check out the [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/using-k6/k6-options/reference/#traces-output) to learn more about it.

### gRPC streaming API becomes part of the k6 core [#3490](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3490)

With this release, gRPC's streaming API becomes part of the core's `k6/net/grpc` module. The experimental `k6/experimental/grpc` has been back-merged into the core.

You could still use import `k6/experimental/grpc` for a couple of releases, but it is deprecated and will be removed in the future (planned in k6 version `v0.51.0`).

The migration is straightforward. Just replace `k6/experimental/grpc` with `k6/net/grpc` in your script imports, and the code should work as before.

### k6/html: Extract selection from element [#3519](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3519)

> [`k6/html`](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-html/) has for been around for a while and allows you to search within an html document with an jquery-like API called [Selection](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-html/selection/), and also has support for the more standard [Element](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-html/element/) that represents DOM element.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[`k6/html`](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-html/) has been around for a while and allows you to search within an HTML document with a jquery-like API called [Selection](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-html/selection/), and also has support for the more standard [Element](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-html/element/) that represents DOM element.
```

> For a long time you get an Element from a Selection using the [`.get(index)`](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-html/selection/selection-get/), but you couldn't get back to a Selection from an Element.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For a long time, you could get an Element from a Selection using the [`.get(index)`](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-html/selection/selection-get/), but you couldn't get back to a Selection from an Element.
```

> This happens to not be a common case, but one that in some cases requires rewrite of the code quite a lot.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This is not a common case, but one that requires rewrite of the code quite a lot.
```

```javascript
let li = http.get("https://test.k6.io").html().find("li");
li.each(function(_, element) {
    // here element is an element not a selection
    // but what if for each li we want to select something more?
    // in jquery that will be:
   let container = $(element).closest('ul.header-icons');
    // but what should `$` do?
    // in a browser there is only 1 html document that you have access to
    // in k6 though you can be working with multiple ones, so `$` can't know which one it should
    // work against
});
```

In order to support the above you can just use the selection, without going to element as in:

```javascript
let li = http.get("https://test.k6.io").html().find("li");
for (; li.size() > 0; li = li.next()) {
    let ul = li.closest('ul.header-icons'); // li here is still a selection and we iterate over it.
}
```

This is not always possible though, and arguably isn't what most users will naturally do.

> Because of this we have now added a new [`.selection()`](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-html/element/element-selection/) which returns a selection for it's element.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Because of this, we have now added a new [`.selection()`](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-html/element/element-selection/) which returns a selection for it's element.
```

> k6 `v0.49.0` is here 🎉! This release includes:
> 
> - Add a built-in [web dashboard](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/results-output/web-dashboard/) that displays test results in real time.
> - Add `clear` functionality to the browser module's `locator` classes.
> - Merge the gRPC experimental module back into the gRPC core module.
> - Add the ability to get the selection from an element in `k6/html`. 
> - Collect internal modules and outputs used by a script.
> - Get `k6/experimental/timers` ready to be stabilized.

Reviewer 5: I'm not sure if I'm right here; it's probably better to check with @heitortsergent, but is `This release includes:` aligned with the following list? 

I mean, should it be something like:

```suggestion
k6 `v0.49.0` is here 🎉! This release:

- Adds a built-in [web dashboard](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/results-output/web-dashboard/) that displays test results in real time.
- Introduces `clear` functionality to the browser module's `locator` classes.
- Merges the gRPC experimental module back into the gRPC core module.
- Enables the ability to get the selection from an element in `k6/html`.
- Collects internal modules and outputs used by a script.
- Prepares `k6/experimental/timers` for stabilization.
```

- a bunch of internal changes, most of which are fixing lint errors, but also making MacOS test work :tada: 

## Breaking changes

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [#3494](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3494) stops pushing `loadimpact/k6` docker image. If you still use it please migrate to the  `grafana/k6`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#3494](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3494) stops pushing `loadimpact/k6` docker image. If you still use it please migrate to the [grafana/k6](https://hub.docker.com/r/grafana/k6) image.
```

Reviewer 5: Maybe also use `stops updating` instead of `stops pushing`?

- [browser#1111](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1111) removes `timeout` option for `isVisible` and `isHidden` since the API no longer waits for the element to appear on the page.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## New features

### Web Dashboard

> The new web dashboard brings real-time visualization to load testing. This feature allows users to monitor test progress and analyze

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new [web dashboard]() brings real-time visualization to load testing. This feature allows users to monitor test progress and analyze
```
Are we going to add a link to the documentation?

Reviewer 4: Yes, I'm working on the docs at the moment, and figuring out with Heitor how to structure it. I'll update the link as soon as it's ready 👍🏻

results dynamically, enhancing the overall testing experience.

#### Real-time test results

> Activate this feature using the environment variable K6_WEB_DASHBOARD=true. For this initial release, the dashboard is not enabled
> by default to allow users to opt into this new experience as it continues to evolve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activate this feature using the environment variable K6_WEB_DASHBOARD=true. For this initial release, the dashboard is not enabled by default to allow users to opt into this new experience as it continues to evolve.
```

Once enabled and the test script is running, navigate to [http://localhost:6565](http://localhost:6565) in your web browser to access the dashboard.

![k6 Web Dashboard Overview](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-dashboard/blob/master/screenshot/k6-dashboard-overview-light.png?raw=true)

#### Test report

> The web dashboard also offers an [HTML test report](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-dashboard/blob/master/screenshot/k6-dashboard-html-report-screen-view.png?raw=true) for detailed analysis, enabling easy sharing and downloading capabilities for

Reviewer 5: Maybe explicitly mention that the external link is an example, but if it had a documentation page, that could be better.

```suggestion
The web dashboard also offers an HTML test report (see [an example](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-dashboard/blob/master/screenshot/k6-dashboard-html-report-screen-view.png?raw=true)) for detailed analysis, enabling easy sharing and downloading capabilities for
```

Because of this, we have now added a new [`.selection()`](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-html/element/element-selection/) which returns a selection for it's element.

```javascript
   let li = http.get("https://test.k6.io").html().find("li");
   li.each(function(_, element) {
      let container = element.selection().closest('ul.header-icons');
        // .. more code
   });
```

Thanks to @Azhovan! :bow: :tada:

### Collect usage data on imported internal modules and outputs [#3525](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3525)

Added the data collection of the used modules and outputs when the [usage report](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/misc/usage-collection) is enabled. The data collection is only related to the built-in k6 modules and outputs. Private, custom modules and extensions [are never collected](https://github.com/grafana/k6/blob/f35e67902605877ebf2c5e9c8673cd7faf4cdc1e/cmd/report.go#L33-L57). The usage report is enabled by default in k6, but it is possible to opt-out using the [no-usage-report](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/using-k6/k6-options/reference/#no-usage-report) option.

> We always want to improve the product, but at the same time we need to pay attention where we allocate our resources. Having data of what are the most used modules and outputs give us a better confidence to make decisions because we are supported by data.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
We always want to improve the product, but at the same time, we need to pay attention to where we allocate our resources. Having data of what are the most used modules and outputs gives us better confidence to make decisions because we are supported by data.
```

> It will let us know what is the percentage of our users that will benefit from the introduction of a new feature and on the other side, in case of a breaking change, how many of them would be impacted.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
The data can let us know what percentage of our users will benefit from the introduction of a new feature and also, how many of them would be impacted in case of a breaking change.
```

## UX improvements and enhancements

> - [#3529](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3529) Actually enable by default the k6 cloud traces output.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- [#3529](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3529) enables the k6 cloud traces output by default.
```

- [#3440](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3440) adds a fallback for using built-in certificates if the OS provides none. Thanks to `@mem` for working on it!
- [browser#1104](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1104) adds support for browser module traces metadata. Users can define *key-value* metadata that will be included as attributes in every generated span.
- [browser#1135](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1135) improves the array output from `console` in the k6 logs.
- [browser#1137](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1137), [browser#1145](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1145) improves the error messages displayed when Chrome or Chromium isn't found.

> - [#3543](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3543) switches documentation URLs to the `grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/`.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- [#3543](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3543) replaces documentation URLs to `grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/`.
```

## Bug fixes

> - [#3485](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3485) fixes the rest API always logging it returned 200, which was found as part of fixing lint issues in the code.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- [#3485](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3485) fixes the REST API always logging a 200 status code response, which was found as part of fixing lint issues in the code.
```

- [browser#1129](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1129) mitigates the risk of panics when the website under test uses the `console`.
- [browser#1133](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1133) fixes `BigInt` parsing.

> - [browser#1108](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1108), [browser#1110](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1110) fixes `isVisible` and `isHidden` so that it does not wait for an element to match with the given `selector`, allowing it to continue on with the test script when elements are not on the page.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- [browser#1108](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1108), [browser#1110](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1110) fixes `isVisible` and `isHidden` so that it doesn't wait for an element to match with the given `selector`, allowing it to continue on with the test script when elements are not on the page.
```

- [#3473](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3473) refinements to the release process.
- Dependency updates across k6 [#3500](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3500), [#3501](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3501), [#3502](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3502), [#3503](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3503), [#3509](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3509), [#3513](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3513), [#3537](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3537), [#3539](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3539), [#3540](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3540).

> - [#3489](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3489) assign pull-requests via CODEOWNERS instead of with a specific GitHub Action.

Reviewer 5: Maybe?

```suggestion
- [#3489](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3489) migrates pull-requests assignment to `CODEOWNERS` from GitHub Action.
```

> - [#3204](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3204) Internal refactor to make future distributed execution work easier. With a small fix to tests in [#3531](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3531). Thanks to @na-- :tada:.
> - A lot of lint fixes through out the k6 code base [#3460](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3460), [#3462](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3462), [#3463](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3463), [#3478](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3478), [#3479](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3479), [#3480](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3480), [#3481](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3481), [#3482](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3482), [#3483](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3483), [#3484](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3484), [#3485](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3485), [#3495](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3495).
> - [#3473](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3473) Refinements to the release process.
> - Dependency updates across k6 [#3500](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3500), [#3501](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3501), [#3502](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3502), [#3503](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3503), [#3509](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3509), [#3513](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3513), [#3537](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3537), [#3539](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3539), [#3540](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3540).
> - [#3489](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3489) Assign pull-requests via CODEOWNERS instead of with a specific github action.
> - [#3496](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3496) Check for security issues with a scheduled trivy scans.
> - [#3517](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3517) Add some units tests to the cloadapi package. This is the first contribution by external contributor @nilskch. Thanks for this @nilskch :bow:.
> - [#3520](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3520) Stop using deprecated by golang net.Dialer.DualStack option.
> - [#3526](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3526) Some refactors to js package test around `open` and `require` and their handling of paths.
> - [#3527](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3527) Generate test certificates for more tests during the test. This among other things fixes the tests on  MacOS.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- [#3204](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3204) internal refactor to make future distributed execution work easier. With a small fix to tests in [#3531](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3531). Thanks to @na-- :tada:.
- Lint fixes throughout the k6 code base [#3460](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3460), [#3462](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3462), [#3463](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3463), [#3478](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3478), [#3479](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3479), [#3480](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3480), [#3481](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3481), [#3482](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3482), [#3483](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3483), [#3484](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3484), [#3485](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3485), [#3495](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3495).
- [#3473](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3473) refinements to the release process.
- Dependency updates across k6 [#3500](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3500), [#3501](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3501), [#3502](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3502), [#3503](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3503), [#3509](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3509), [#3513](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3513), [#3537](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3537), [#3539](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3539), [#3540](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3540).
- [#3489](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3489) assign pull-requests via CODEOWNERS instead of with a specific GitHub Action.
- [#3496](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3496) checks for security issues with a scheduled trivy scan.
- [#3517](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3517) adds unit tests to the cloadapi package. This is the first contribution by external contributor @nilskch. Thanks for this @nilskch :bow:.
- [#3520](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3520) stops using deprecated by golang net.Dialer.DualStack option.
- [#3526](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3526) refactors to JavaScript package test around `open` and `require` and their handling of paths.
- [#3527](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3527) generates test certificates for more tests during the test. This, among other things, fixes macOS tests.
```

> - [#3528](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3528) Given the above change we also enabled test on MacOS in the github actions.

Author: ```suggestion
- [#3528](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3528) Given the above change we also enabled test on MacOS in the github actions.
- [#3543](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3543) Update links through out k6 repo to point to the new grafana docs and community forum.
```

Author: done in [723a9b7](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3541/commits/723a9b7277a703dfb2ea3a08b85dd3ba15044cf9)

> - [#3528](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3528) Given the above change we also enabled test on MacOS in the github actions.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- [#3528](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3528) enables macOS tests in GitHub Actions.
```

k6 `v0.49.0` is here 🎉! This release includes:

> - a built-in web-dashboard displaying test results in real-time
> - add `clear` functionality to the `locator` classes within the browser module
> - gRPC experimental module being merged back
> - being able to get the selection from an element in `k6/html`
> - collect internal modules and outputs used by a script
> - getting `k6/experimental/timers` ready to be stabilized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A built-in web-dashboard displaying test results in real-time
- Add `clear` functionality to the `locator` classes within the browser module
- gRPC experimental module being merged back
- Being able to get the selection from an element in `k6/html`
- Collect internal modules and outputs used by a script
- Getting `k6/experimental/timers` ready to be stabilized
```

> - a bunch of internal changes, most of which are fixing lint errors, but also making MacOS test work :tada: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
It doesn't sound so relevant to be mentioned in the summary. IMHO.

## Breaking changes

> - [#3494](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3494) stops pushing `loadimpact/k6` docker image. If you still use it, please migrate to the [grafana/k6](https://hub.docker.com/r/grafana/k6) image.

Author: ```suggestion
- [#3494](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3494) stops updating `loadimpact/k6` docker image. If you still use it, please migrate to the [grafana/k6](https://hub.docker.com/r/grafana/k6) image.
```

- [#3489](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3489) assign pull-requests via CODEOWNERS instead of with a specific GitHub Action.
- [#3496](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3496) checks for security issues with a scheduled trivy scan.
- [#3517](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3517) adds unit tests to the cloadapi package. This is the first contribution by external contributor @nilskch. Thanks for this @nilskch :bow:.
- [#3520](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3520) stops using deprecated by golang net.Dialer.DualStack option.
- [#3526](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3526) refactors to JavaScript package test around `open` and `require` and their handling of paths.
- [#3527](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3527) generates test certificates for more tests during the test. This, among other things, fixes macOS tests.
- [#3528](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/3528) enables macOS tests in GitHub Actions.
- [browser#1134](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1134) adds a new error type when parsing objects.
- [browser#1107](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1107), [browser#1109](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1109) refactor internals.

> ## _Optional_ Roadmap
> 
> _Discussion of future plans_
> 

Author: ```suggestion
##  Roadmap

As eluded earlier, xk6-timers is planned to become stable as part of the next release. You can see and comment more on the remaining questions of "how" in issue [#3297](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/3297) 
```

Reviewer 6: @mstoykov suggestion for the roadmap text:

```
As mentioned earlier, there's work in progress to make xk6-timers stable as part of the next release. You can find more information on issue [#3297](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/3297).
```
